

1. # Setting up safe connectivity between RDS and EC2 instances:
You need to carefully configure the security groups in order to provide secure
connection between the EC2 instances and the RDS instance.
The security group for the RDS instance in the provided sample Terraform script permits inbound traffic from the security group of the EC2 instances on the MySQL port (3306).
This enables safe communication between the RDS instance and the EC2 instances.

2. Managing auto-scaling: Setting up and managing auto-scaling can be challenging.
An auto-scaling group is created in the Terraform script with the target capacity set to 2 instances and a minimum of 1. 
You can change the maximum capacity to suit your needs.
Additionally, you can set up scaling strategies to automatically change the number of instances based on indicators like 
network traffic or CPU utilization.

3. Selecting the proper instance types: Based on the demands of your application, 
select the proper EC2 instance type and RDS instance type. 
The EC2 and RDS instances are used by the example Terraform script as t2.micro and db.t2.micro, respectively. 
These are inexpensive and appropriate for use in small-scale applications. The performance, storage,
and memory needs of your application should be taken into consideration while choosing an instance type.

4. Dealing with data persistence: 
In the example given, the RDS instance is set up with 20 GB of allotted storage using the "gp2" storage type.
The storage capacity can be changed to suit your needs. Additionally, for increased availability and data durability,
you should think about setting automated backups and Multi-AZ deployment.


Explanation for design and technology choices:

1. Auto scaling and load balancing: 
These techniques make sure that your application can cope with variable traffic volumes. 
You can keep up with demand by automatically scaling the number of EC2 instances to maintain performance and availability. 
Incoming traffic is split across the instances by the load balancer, which keeps any one instance from getting overloaded.

2. EC2 instances, a load balancer, and an RDS instance's inbound and outbound traffic are all managed by security groups.
You can assure safe resource connectivity and limit access to particular ports and IP ranges by appropriately creating security groups.

3. Separate Security Groups are generated for EC2 and RDS Instances: 
Separate security groups are generated for the EC2 instances and the RDS instance in the example Terraform script. 
Only traffic from reliable sources is permitted inbound thanks to this segregation,
which also provides for fine-grained control over the security requirements.

4. Terraform as Infrastructure-as-Code: Because Terraform enables you to describe and manage your infrastructure as code, 
it was chosen as the technology for infrastructure provisioning. 
Terraform's declarative design makes it simple to version control and modify your infrastructure.




